No.,Title,Artists,Year,Lyrics
1,Thrift Shop,Macklemore and Ryan Lewis,2013.0," Hey, Macklemore, can we go thrift shopping? What-what, what, what? What-what, what, what? What-what, what, what? What-what, what, what? (Da) What-what, what, what? (Da-dum, ba-dum, ba-da-do-da) What-what, what, what? (Da-dum, ba-dum, ba-da-do-da) What-what, what, what? (Da-dum, ba-dum, ba-da-do-da) What-what, what, what? (Da-dum, ba-dum, ba-da-do-da) Da-dum, ba-dum, ba-da-do-da Da-dum, ba-dum, ba-da-do-da Da-dum, ba-dum, ba-da-do-da Da-dum, ba-dum, ba-da-do-da  I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket I'm, I'm, I'm huntin', lookin' for a come up This is fucking awesome (Now)   Walk into the club like, ""What up? I got a big cock"" Nah, I'm just pumped, I bought some shit from a thrift shop Ice on the fringe is so damn frosty The people like, ""Damn, that's a cold-ass honkey"" Rollin' in hella deep, headed to the mezzanine Dressed in all pink 'cept my gator shoes, those are green Draped in a leopard mink, girl standin' next to me Probably should've washed this, smells like R. Kelly sheets Piss But shit, it was ninety-nine cents (Bag it) Coppin' it, washin' it, 'bout to go and get some compliments Passin' up on those moccasins someone else has been walkin' in Bummy and grungy, fuck it, man, I am stunting and flossin' And saving my money and I'm hella happy, that's a bargain, bitch I'ma take your grandpa's style, I'ma take your grandpa's style No, for real, ask your grandpa, can I have his hand-me-downs? (Thank you) Velour jumpsuit and some house slippers Dookie-brown leather jacket that I found diggin' They had a broken keyboard, I bought a broken keyboard I bought a skeet blanket, then I bought a knee board Hello, hello, my ace man, my mellow John Wayne ain't got nothing on my fringe game, hell no I could take some Pro Wings, make 'em cool, sell those The sneaker heads would be like, ""Ah, he got the Velcros"" You might also like I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket I'm, I'm, I'm huntin', lookin' for a come up This is fucking awesome I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket I'm, I'm, I'm huntin', lookin' for a come up This is fucking awesome   What you know about rockin' a wolf on your noggin? What you knowin' about wearin' a fur fox skin? I'm diggin', I'm diggin', I'm searchin' right through that luggage One man's trash, that's another man's come up Thank your granddad for donatin' that plaid button- Up shirt 'cause right now, I'm up in here stuntin' I'm at the Goodwill, you can find me in the bins I'm not, I'm not stuck on searchin' in that section (Men's) Your grammy, your auntie, your mama, your mammy I'll take those flannel zebra jammies second hand and rock that, motherfucker The built-in onesie with the socks on the motherfucker I hit the party and they stop in that motherfucker They be like, ""Oh, that Gucci? That's hella tight"" I'm like, ""Yo, that's fifty dollars for a T-shirt"" Limited edition, let's do some simple addition Fifty dollars for a T-shirt, that's just some ignorant bitch shit I call that getting-swindled-and-pimped shit I call that getting tricked by business That shirt's hella dope And having the same one as six other people in this club is a hella don't Peep game, come take a look through my telescope Tryna get girls from a brand? Man, you hella won't Man, you hella won't Goodwill Poppin' tags, yeah  I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket I'm, I'm, I'm huntin', lookin' for a come up This is fucking awesome   I'll wear your granddad's clothes I look incredible I'm in this big-ass coat From that thrift shop down the road I'll wear your granddad's clothes (Damn right) I look incredible (Now come on, man) I'm in this big-ass coat (Big-ass coat) From that thrift shop down the road (Let's go, come on)   I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket I'm, I'm, I'm huntin', lookin' for a come up This is fucking awesome   Hahaha Is that your grandma's coat?"
2,Blurred Lines,Robin Thicke,2013.0," Everybody get up Everybody get up Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey (Uh) Hey, hey, hey (Ha-ha Woo) Tune me up   If you can't hear what I'm trying to say (Hey, girl, come here) If you can't read from the same page (Hey) Maybe I'm going deaf (Hey, hey, hey) Maybe I'm going blind (Hey, hey, hey) Maybe I'm out of my mind (Hey, hey, hey) Everybody get up   Okay, now he was close Tried to domesticate you But you're an animal Baby, it's in your nature (Meow) Just let me liberate you (Hey, hey, hey) You don't need no takers (Hey, hey, hey) That man is not your maker (Hey, hey, hey) And that's why I'm gon' take a (Everybody get up) You might also like Good girl I know you want it (Hey) I know you want it I know you want it You're a good girl Can't let it get past me You're far from plastic (Alright) Talkin' 'bout getting blasted I hate these blurred lines I know you want it (Hey) I know you want it (Oh yeah) I know you want it But you're a good girl The way you grab me Must wanna get nasty Go ahead, get at me Everybody get up (Come on)   What do they make dreams for (Why?) When you got them jeans on? (Why?) What do we need steam for? You the hottest bitch in this place I feel so lucky (Hey, hey, hey) You wanna hug me (Hey, hey, hey) What rhymes with hug me? (Hey, hey, hey) Hey (Everybody get up)  Okay, now he was close Tried to domesticate you But you're an animal Baby, it's in your nature (Uh-huh) Just let me liberate you (Hey, hey, hey) (Uh-huh) You don't need no takers (Hey, hey, hey) (Uh-huh) That man is not your maker (Hey, hey, hey) (Uh-huh) And that's why I'm gon' take a (Everybody get up)   Good girl I know you want it I know you want it (Hey) I know you want it You're a good girl Can't let it get past me (Hey) You're far from plastic (Oh) Talkin' 'bout getting blasted (Everybody get up) I hate these blurred lines (Hate them lines) I know you want it (I hate them lines) I know you want it (I hate them lines) I know you want it But you're a good girl (Good girl) The way you grab me Must wanna get nasty Go ahead, get at me (Everybody get up)  Hustle Gang, homie Let go Ay, say Rob, let me holla at 'em real quick One thing I ask of you Let me be the one you back that ass up to (Come on) Go from Malibu to Paris, boo (Yeah) Had a bitch, but she ain't bad as you So, hit me up when you pass through I'll give you something big enough to tear your ass in two Swag on 'em even when you dress casual I mean, it's almost unbearable (Everybody get up) In a hundred years not dare would I Pull a Pharcyde, let you pass me by Nothin' like your last guy, he too square for you He don't smack that ass and pull your hair like that So I'm just watchin' and waitin' For you to salute the true big pimpin' (Okay) Not many women can refuse this pimpin' I'm a nice guy, but don't get it confused, get pimpin' (Everybody get up)   Shake your rump Get down, get up-a Do it like it hurt, like it hurt What, you don't like work? Hey (Everybody get up)   Baby, can you breathe? I got this from Jamaica It always works for me Dakota to Decatur (Uh-huh) No more pretending (Hey, hey, hey) (Uh-huh) 'Cause now you're winning (Hey, hey, hey) (Uh-huh) Here's our beginning (Hey, hey, hey) (Uh-huh) I always wanted a   You're a good girl (Everybody get up) I know you want it (Hey) I know you want it I know you want it You're a good girl Can't let it get past me (Oh yeah) You're far from plastic (Alright) Talkin' 'bout getting blasted I hate these blurred lines (Everybody get up) I know you want it (Hey) I know you want it (Oh yeah) I know you want it But you're a good girl The way you grab me Must wanna get nasty (Hey) Go ahead, get at me   Everybody get up Everybody get up Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey"
3,Radioactive,Imagine Dragons,2013.0," Woah, oh-oh Woah, oh-oh Woah, oh-oh Woah   I'm waking up to ash and dust I wipe my brow and I sweat my rust I'm breathing in the chemicals   I'm breaking in, shaping up Then checking out on the prison bus This is it, the apocalypse Woah   I'm waking up, I feel it in my bones Enough to make my system blow Welcome to the new age, to the new age Welcome to the new age, to the new age   Woah-oh, woah I'm radioactive, radioactive Woah-oh, woah I'm radioactive, radioactive See Imagine Dragons LiveGet tickets as low as $14You might also like I raise my flags, dye my clothes It's a revolution, I suppose We're painted red to fit right in Woah   I'm breaking in, shaping up Then checking out on the prison bus This is it, the apocalypse Woah   I'm waking up, I feel it in my bones Enough to make my system blow Welcome to the new age, to the new age Welcome to the new age, to the new age   Woah-oh, woah I'm radioactive, radioactive Woah-oh, woah I'm radioactive, radioactive   All systems go, the sun hasn't died Deep in my bones, straight from inside  I'm waking up, I feel it in my bones Enough to make my system blow Welcome to the new age, to the new age Welcome to the new age, to the new age   Woah-oh, woah I'm radioactive, radioactive Woah-oh, woah I'm radioactive, radioactive"
4,Harlem Shake,Baauer,2013.0," Con los terroristas, -tas, -tas, -tas -tas -tas -tas -tas, -tas -tas -tas -tas -tas   Then do the Harlem Shake (Shake!) Ey (Shake!), con los terroristas Ey (Shake!), ey (Shake!) Ey (Shake!), ey (Shake!) Ey (Shake!), ey (Shake!)   (Shake!) -tas, (Shake!) -tas, -tas, (Shake!) -tas, -tas, -tas, -tas -tas, -tas, (Shake!) -tas, -tas, (Shake!) -tas, -tas, -tas, -tas -tas, -tas, -tas, -tas, -tas -tas -tas -tas -tas -tas -tas -tas -tas   Then do the Harlem Shake (Shake!) Ey (Shake!), con los terroristas Ey, (Shake!) ey (Shake!)   Shake, shake Shake, ey (Shake!) Ey (Shake!), ey (Shake!) Ey (Shake!)You might also like"
5,Cant Hold Us,Macklemore and Ryan Lewis,2013.0," Hey, hey, hey Good to see you Come on, dude, let's go Yeah, let's go Hahaha, alright Alright, okay Uh, alright, okay Alright, okay   Return of the Mack Get 'em; what it is? What it does? What it is? What it isn't? Looking for a better way to get up outta bed Instead of getting on the Internet And checking on who hit me, get up Thrift shop, pimp-strut walkin' Little bit of humble, little bit of cautious Somewhere between like Rocky and Cosby Sweater game, nope, nope, y'all can't copy, yeah Bad, moonwalking, this here is our party My posse's been on Broadway, and we did it our way Grown music, I shed my skin and put my bones Into everything I record to it and yet I'm on Let that stage light go and shine on down Got that Bob Barker suit game and Plinko in my style Money, stay on my craft and stick around for those pounds But I do that to pass the torch and put on for my town Trust me on my I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T shit, hustlin' Chasing dreams since I was fourteen With the four-track, bussin' Halfway 'cross that city with the back (Back) pack (Pack), fat (Fat) cat (Cat), crushin' Labels out here, now they can't tell me nothin' (Hey, hey, hey) We give that to the people, spread it across the country (Hey, hey, hey, oh) Labels out here, now they can't tell me nothin' (Hey, hey, hey) We give it to the people, spread it across the country (Hey, hey, hey, oh) You might also like Can we go back? This is the moment Tonight is the night, we'll fight 'til it's over So we put our hands up Like the ceiling can't hold us Like the ceiling can't hold us Can we go back? This is the moment Tonight is the night, we'll fight 'til it's over So we put our hands up Like the ceiling can't hold us Like the ceiling can't hold us   Now, can I kick it? Thank you Yeah, I'm so damn grateful I grew up really wanting gold fronts But that's what you get when Wu-Tang raised you Y'all can't stop me Go hard like I got a 808 in my heartbeat And I'm eating at the beat like you gave a little speed To a great white shark on Shark Week, raw Time to go off, I'm gone Deuces, goodbye, I got a world to see And my girl, she wanna see Rome Caesar'll make you a believer Nah, I never ever did it for a throne That validation comes from giving it back to the people Now, sing a song, and it goes like Raise those hands, this is our party (Hey, hey, hey) We came here to live life like nobody was watching (Hey, hey, hey, oh) I got my city right behind me, if I fall, they got me (Hey, hey, hey) Learn from that failure, gain humility (Hey, hey, hey) And then we keep marching, I said  Can we go back? This is the moment Tonight is the night, we'll fight 'til it's over So we put our hands up Like the ceiling can't hold us Like the ceiling can't hold us Can we go back? This is the moment Tonight is the night, we'll fight 'til it's over So we put our hands up Like the ceiling can't hold us Like the ceiling can't hold us   (And so we put our hands up) (And so we put our hands up) (Woah-oh, oh, oh) (Woah-oh, oh, oh) (Woah-oh, oh, oh)   Let's go Na, na, na-na, na, na-na, na (Uh-huh) Hey (And all my people sing) Na, na, na-na, na, na-na, na (Hey, hey, that's right) Hey (Here we go, all right, uh) And all my people sing Na, na, na-na, na, na-na, na (You do it, Ray) Oh (Ha-ha, let's go) And all my people sing Na, na, na-na, na, na-na, na Mackle-uh, uh, uh, uh, more  Can we go back? This is the moment Tonight is the night, we'll fight 'til it's over So we put our hands up Like the ceiling can't hold us Like the ceiling can't hold us Can we go back? This is the moment (Ooh) Tonight is the night, we'll fight 'til it's over (Ooh) So we put our hands up (Ooh) Like the ceiling can't hold us (Ooh) Like the ceiling can't hold us (Ooh)"
